Reston, VA, Thursday, Nov. 2, 2023, — MetroStar's Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Ali Reza Manouchehri, was named a winner of the Greater Washington Government Contractor Awards unveiled on Nov. 1 at the 21st Annual Awards Show at the Ritz-Carlton Tysons Corner.

Manouchehri earned the award of Executive of the Year in the $75 Million – $300 Million category on Wednesday night. Other notable winners included Carissa Christensen of BryceTech, named Executive of the Year in the up to $75 million category, and Carey Smith of Parsons, recognized as Executive of the Year in the over $300 million category.

Presented by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce and the Professional Services Council, the winners were announced at the evening gala, known as the “Academy Awards of Government Contracting.” In attendance, Manouchehri was humbled and honored to be presented with this award, acknowledging the exceptional talents of his fellow contenders — Sunny Singh from Aeyon, Gautam Ijoor from Alpha Omega, Greg Fitzgerald from ITC Federal, and Shyam Salona from REI Systems.


The MetroStar team celebrating the Executive of the Year award. (In order from left: Vy Troung, Debbie Peterson, Ali Manouchehri, Ashley Brush, and Mo Hessabi). 

"Awards like these are truly a testament to the team of leaders at MetroStar. It's not just about one person's effort, but the collective dedication, resilience, and vision of each leader in our ranks," said Manouchehri. "Each member of MetroStar is a leader in their own right, driving the company forward. Here’s to many more milestones together in our mission to advance the government."

About MetroStar
MetroStar is an IT and digital services and solutions provider with a rich, two-decade legacy of building the brightest teams. As we navigate a new era of technology, our mission is to serve and transform how people, agencies, and tech enthusiasts connect in the digital age. Everything we touch begins and ends with people—the civil servants, service members, farmers, and immigrants (to name a few)—and our tools empower faster solutions worldwide, supporting dozens of federal agencies, hundreds of thousands of users, and millions of Americans.